Hi, so just before we get started
on this course, just a note about the UI change in AWS.
So you may see the console like this, a big, bright white,
and then some rounded buttons in bright blue.
So this is the new UI of AWS,
and the old UI used to look a little bit more gray,
the blue, a little more pale.
The buttons were square and not round.
And this is a new UI with more roundness, more modernness.
On a visual level, it may look a little bit different, okay?
But on the usability perspective,
the UI should be exactly the same.
So if you see my videos recorded with this kind of UI,
just rest assured that the new UI
should look exactly the same from a usability perspective,
not just from a visually perspective.
If things change too much
and there is buttons moving places and so on,
please let me know and I will do my best
to update some videos.
But in the meantime, I will leave my videos
because they have so many of them running
on the quote, unquote older UI,
and the new UI is just for you to figure out.
But it's exactly the same,
just new colors and new shapes for buttons, okay?
So thank you so much,
and I will see you in the next lecture.